Let's continue and review the requirements for the flight surety project.
So the project in
a nutshell is flight delay insurance for passengers,
and you can imagine that a project of this nature is going
to be very complex and has lots of moving parts.
So one of the things we've done is distill it down to the basics.
So you can focus on the things that matter and develop your skills in those areas.
So there are some areas where we'll have information that is simulated.
There's some areas where you don't need to write code,
that code is being provided to you.
So you can focus all your attention on the part that matters,
and that's specifically is the idea of managing this program,
the flight surety program, as a collaboration between multiple airlines,
giving passengers the ability to purchase insurance prior to a flight,
and then if the flight is delayed due to airline fault,
passengers are paid 1.5 times the amount they paid for the insurance.
Now this point in particular,
I just want to emphasize the 1.5x is an arbitrary number.
In the real world, you would probably have very complex formulas, etc.,
that go into figuring out what the payout might be if such a thing happened.
But for the sake of simplicity,
we'll focus on the interactions between the passenger and the contract,
etc., and not worry too much about the number.
Finally, we will pick up on the skills we talked about in the prior lesson around
oracles and use that as a mechanism to deliver status information into the contract.